hello welcomes you
online store moby there stones
Today I will tell you about the model under
you name the same 3c's new on the
Chinese market among budget
smartphones and to start picking
we have a protective film
deleted with this gadget boria
so here we have the machine itself packed with here
so that's the bumper silicone micro usb
cable adapter for our sockets well
of course
charger settings
so we move on to more detailed
consideration
external parameter of the device and here I will start with
reviewing the back of the gadget
made of plastic with glossy
coating from the manufacturer
8 megapixel camera flash
speaker on the right of us rivers buttons
volume limit is reached
off lock standard jack
three and a half millimeters below us
micro usb output on the front panel
manufacturer applied
shipping film
here is the top of us
event indicator
2 megapixel front camera
light sensor and proximity sensor
below we have three touch buttons which
Backlit insert top
the bottom we are made of metal here
glass we have protected gorilla glass
second generation assembled machine is excellent
there is not a single elevator is not a gap and all in
company style
what did we find under the lid
tire us a battery capacity of 3000
milliampere per hour two standard slots
under sim card and micro sd output
This model works in our 3G networks
w-cdma versions so we will enable this
raid so far will be included we
We will cover the case that comes in
complete
make sure that there is a principle from him
so on protects this device from
falls
rubberized that's when it will fall
let's say the screen will be on the bumper
leans in principle
thing pretty practical and let's say
so so well that booted our device so
here on you have enabled very juicy
four resolution hd screen
a half inch diagonal looks
just amazing despite the fact that
these actions are not executed
out the eye technology however screen
very juicy with pixel density on
inch of course a lot
like that well, let's move on to the review
real characteristics with
benchmark antutu that's 17,000 96 points
typed this gadget in this test
shake the name of the new model andro 42
him
hd resolution 8 megapixels with us
rear camera 4 cores 13th hertz
and these are the sensors that are present on
device
the next paragraph I will show you how
the camera is working on this gadget
Now we take a ticket that
we were bundled
take a photo and benfica photography
really worthy and always me
remember that the model is positioned
like budget principle hd full hd
resolution so loud speaker noticed
such here is the return photo pomoc not
I increased the camera, I think it's great
go wrong and everything else
little by little the most basic
showed here now go to the settings
This gadget and because it is
here there is so definitely something built
gps works without internet connection
wi-fi bluetooth also available to us
device
ten
7 point touch we have on this Galich
Here, in principle, summing up small results and
I can safely say that this
the model is the best among competitors
since the price-quality ratio is just
colossal always same 3 was popular
and because she was head down
than 4 but nevertheless always digalo with
next to them means something very capacious
battery at this is all going away
I can recommend this gadget
buy online we are ready
stones